Release 2026.05.2 (#6160)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2026-okta-identity-engine/index.md

## May

### Weekly release 2026.05.2
<!-- Published on: 2026-05-20T12:00:00Z -->

| Change | Expected in Preview Orgs |
| ------ | ------------------------ |
| [Bugs fixed in 2026.05.2](#bugs-fixed-in-2026-05-2)| May 20, 2026 |

#### Bugs fixed in 2026.05.2

> * When the *Map primary email to login setting* was enabled, a POST request to the `/idp/myaccount/emails` endpoint changed the username before the new email was verified, leaving the primary email attribute unchanged. (OKTA-1147280)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When the **Map primary email to login setting** was enabled, a POST request to the `/idp/myaccount/emails` endpoint changed the username before the new email was verified, leaving the primary email attribute unchanged. (OKTA-1147280)
```

* Sometimes, the Just-in-Time (JIT) testing mechanism in the OIN Wizard failed to execute the test and immediately reported a failure, which prevented ISVs from resubmitting updated integrations. (OKTA-1019331)

> * The OIN Wizard auto-tester failed during SSO because a 308 redirect dropped the required code and state parameters from the callback URL. (OKTA-1101077)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The OIN Wizard auto-tester failed during SSO because an HTTP 308 redirect dropped the required code and state parameters from the callback URL. (OKTA-1101077)
```

## May

### Weekly release 2026.05.2
<!-- Published on: 2026-05-20T12:00:00Z -->

| Change | Expected in Preview Orgs |
| ------ | ------------------------ |
| [Bugs fixed in 2026.05.2](#bugs-fixed-in-2026-05-2)| May 20, 2026 |

#### Bugs fixed in 2026.05.2

> * When the **Map primary email to login setting** was enabled, a POST request to the `/idp/myaccount/emails` endpoint changed the username before the new email was verified, leaving the primary email attribute unchanged. (OKTA-1147280)

Reviewer 2: Should this be referenced as an API parameter / config setting, rather than the Admin Console reference?

Author: From dev:

> I think you can leave it as an admin console reference. The functionality behind the new feature flag introduced a toggle in the admin console to turn on/off the mapping behaviour, so we can leave it at that: https://support.okta.com/help/s/article/map-to-login-feature?language=en_US

>The primary concern for this bug was the idp myaccount API. I think the blurb is accurate in its current form.

* Sometimes, the Just-in-Time (JIT) testing mechanism in the OIN Wizard failed to execute the test and immediately reported a failure, which prevented ISVs from resubmitting updated integrations. (OKTA-1019331)

> * The OIN Wizard auto-tester failed during SSO because an HTTP 308 redirect dropped the required code and state parameters from the callback URL. (OKTA-1101077)

Reviewer 3: Please remove The OIN Wizard auto-tester failed during SSO because an HTTP 308 redirect dropped the required code and state parameters from the callback URL. (OKTA-1101077)

Eng confirmed that this is not part of this release. I had asked eng to remove the CF tag. However, it is not done yet.
